# InStyle

InSyle is an iPhone application that intends to branch the worlds of fashion and comfort. InStyle allows anyone, anywhere, to wear comfortable good-looking clothes and answers the age-old question of 'what should I wear?' Essentially, InSyle pulls and processes data from 2 APIs. It pulls weather from the worldweatheronline free API using the users current location obtained from iPhone core data. It also pulls a clothing query from the GILT API to suggest relevant clothing.

There is a login screen with text boxes for a username and password. The user can either login or create an account. Some aspects of the account are determined by core location. There's a Collection view of types of clothes which displays all relevant clothing types (shirts, shoes, pants, etc.). A type of clothes can be selected and the types of clothes that are displayed are dependent on the current temperature and type of weather. The clothing types are displayed are relevant to the current weather. Clothes are displayed generically and when the clothing type is clicked clothes of that type are displayed. Pulls bestselling clothes from the GILT API when the clothing item is clicked. A screen with a larger picture is displayed with a short description. The user can open an internet search of that item and they can add the item to their closet. When the item is opened in a web view the user can navigate a Google search of that item. There's a table view of the users closet where the user can delete items and the user can click on items and open the same web view as before.
